# CS-Assignment-Ques
3.26Design a program using ordinary pipes in which one process sends astring message to a second process, and the second process reversesthe case of each character in the message and sends it back to the firstprocess. For example, if the first process sends the messageHi There,the second process will returnhI tHERE. This will require using twopipes, one for sending the original message from the first to the secondprocess and the other for sending the modified message from the secondto the first process. You can write this program using eitherUNIXorWindows pipes.

2.24In Section 2.3, we described a program that copies the contents of one fileto a destination file. This program works by first prompting the user forthe name of the source and destination files. Write this program usingeither thePOSIXor WindowsAPI. Be sure to include all necessary errorchecking, including ensuring that the source file exists.Once you have correctly designed and tested the program, if you useda system that supports it, run the program using a utility that traces sys-tem calls. Linux systems provide thestraceutility, and macOSsystemsuse thedtrusscommand. (Thedtrusscommand, which actually is afront end todtrace,requiresadminprivileges, so it must be run usingsudo.) These tools can be used as follows (assume that the name of theexecutable file isFileCopy:Linux:strace ./FileCopymacOS:sudo dtruss ./FileCopySince Windows systems do not provide such a tool, you will have totrace through the Windows version of this program using a debugger.
